Hi i'm Kelly welcome to my channel
This "hi" is always so motivated
I'm in a really good mode
Well folks, I was just sitting on my sofa
and made something I like the most..
watching Facebook-videos
I know folks, stop stop stop
it's a very difficult topic, most of you might think
Facebook is the worst platform ever existed in the Internet!
I wasted myself
But there is one thing I do on this platform
always when I am alone and need time for myself at night...
And so I thought, why not doing it with you?
so I left my bed, put this hat on, 'cause I have oily hair
put my best hoody on (link in description)
and I will try know NOT to react to videos
where I get emotional
Animal-videos on Facebook!
I always get in a "spiral of emotions"
because Facebook is automatically sending me to the next video
and I make this for hours, crying, laughing, just having a good time
but thats exactly what I will try not to do
and you at home can try the same but it will be hard (as ****)
so I take my mobile phone, with only 14% battery!
Oh my goodness am I in danger!
btw. just as all the other Youtubers I removed the case of my I-phone
because it looks way better
(earlier in this video..)
usually I use protection.. all right
lets's see when we first see an animal-video
shouldn't take too long I dont watch anything else
that's very hard 'cause I love cheese
That's my.. well, have I failed? Yes, I've already failed.
That's my biggest dream of all times that a little puppy comes to me
that's why I pray every day to Jesus Christ
that he sends me a puppy
and than I let him balance things on his head! I will be so happy!
I wanna save a dog from animal shelter too!
Oh s*** people getting puppys for present. That's my end (rude language)
Oh my goodness what was this?
Ohh he's crying
This grandpa also got a puppy and this grandma too!
and this child too!
I want one too! (nearly crying)
look how happy they all are isn't it wounderfull?
That's so cute!
Don't cry!
Don't blink!
Maybe I have a problem with dogs
with dogs and children I can't ignore it my hormones are just so...
that's the moment of my life I ask myself:
Is it normal to react at these Videos like that?
Am I really the only one out there reacting like this to
the (f******) cutest videos of all time!?
Oh I love this video!
f***
I had a Rabbit for myself once and I observed him for hours making this!
Kelly in this video you should try NOT to show any reaction!
that's a very hard game by the way
I'm really spitefull with animals
it is not his fault!
I like disabled animals
wait I have to get controll over my emotions otherwise I don't have any chance ok?
I try to controll my facial expressions but they always slip away
This videos are the content of my life
what else can I say to this?
I know it sounds sad... but it's true
is he happy or not?
what? they already have a baby?
It looks like less one year old is this even possible?
Oh my goodness this is cute!
Folks, I don't even want to be pregnant
I've nothing to do with pregnants but still..
I swear I don't have my period.. I swear
I don't know, I always fall into this"spiral of emotions"
I don't know.. (laughing) spiral is a contraceptive
Ohh my goodness!
Why is everything on my Facebook-videos about children and pregnants and dogs?
but I love it!
Oh I'm thirsty I have to take back all my tears
My voice... ok lets go on
Will it be a new format know? just make myself crying?
I just had to put on warmer socks
cause all my energy is concentrated here and is missing there
hippos are one of my favorite animals - not to react to such a video
broke me my heart just for your to know it
I don't mind animals stuck somewhere
no mercy
I don't care about the kitty
people passionately trying to save it, I don't care
wow.. it's free
Oh my goodness thats me every saturday evening
Ohh my goodness!
Do you know what I mean? There is something with Facebook-videos killing me
I hope you enjoyed it, I just thought I  could share my passion with you
Even if I can't controll my emotions
but maybe it will get better
If you wanna see something like this again press the like button
and send me lots of funny animal, baby, children or other videos
with #HEULSUSEKELLY at Twitter or Instagram
then I can create a second part with your proposals
and don't forget to subscribe, see you ;)
