Hey guys, it's Kelly!
HALLOWEEN!!!
What belongs to Halloween? To paint your face.
CREEPPYYY
It has to be creepy! I made a video like that about two years ago already
The only issue is that the video was a total disaster
But today we're doing the makeup of "IT" anyways.
I always like to test out YouTube- tutorials, to see if they are really that easy to recreate.
By the way, I'm using kid's paint- HALLOWEEN
Wow, now I look like I smoked pot.
That's always the weirdest part ever.
It just doesn't feel right.
I think my genetics are really similar to one of an albino. Like really!
That`s totally me in january.
Those people who draw on their eyebrows every single day... how do they do that?
I also have to make a shadow on my forehead.
It looks like third eyebrow.
 
GREAT! now I rubbed off the white color.
I better don't do anything. This should look like something like that.
But it reminds me of:"Ron you've got dirt on your nose"
It dosn`t look pretty. A bit eyeshadow
I want to be a pretty clown.
I know, it doesn´t look like..., but wait for it...
waiting definitly wasn't worth it. (haha IT i'm not  funny)
Crap
Okay, come on concentration. I really try.
I will blend it, I will blend it, don`t worry!
Can it be true that this brush isn`t for the eye?
Let`s go to the lascivious lips from the `It` clown.
He has got a bit Kylie Jenner action
on his lips. What is that?
Every year I ask myself, how this sh... I am sorry
How this beautiful people at YouTube
make this tutorials. How can they do it so perfect?
I don't have talent for it. I just saw he has got
red lips and not purple ones.
This packaging is red! So I get excited!
It gets worse and worse. So I
stop. They all use lipstick and I use lipgloss.
When yo think about it, it wasn`t the best idea
because lipgloss is more liquid then lipstick.
But do think about something before I do it? No!
I really tried making these tops.
Why she makes so good tops. I wasted 10 minutes for them.
When they get away?
Dafuq?
It looks like a slug slide over my face.
It looks creepy because it is
made horrendous bad
the door just rang and I
can`t open the door, when I look like that.
I just can`t
Oh it`s not so bad. i don't think it's as bad as i thought before
Oh its to fat, like me after I
was in america. It is okay, or?
many people think I make intentionally everything so bad
for making the video funny.
And I am really sad about it, because I try
really. In 100% of it.
I've just sat on my makeup
Pennywise now has a wild hairstyle of red hair
but i dont have red hair
you know other youtubers order everything online
I'm doing a lot of recycling
BOOM
and thats it for my halloween IT aka Pennywise Make up tutorial
 
soooo...it is definitly horrible....
it is okay its not that bad
its just looks really shitty
DONT FORGET to look at the discription for your "Clickbait" merch
and also dont forget to subscribe then you do not miss something like that again
i have no idea is ayone want to see that again
WHAT I AM DOING WITH MY LIFE????!!!!
