Hi Guys. Kelly here. And this is my first upload
for nearly a month.
I don't think that I've ever took such a long break.
in my entire youtube career.
That is for dramatic reasons.
I just lost my personality
over the years. I didn't know
who I was anymore and had to find my true self.
That's true but I am not able to say that seriously
because i don't want  to talk about such things anymore.
On this channel.
I think I've complained and
cried into the camera enough last year
It annoys me now.
That's why I decided
to change things and
to start a huge fight. I'm happy to announce
that september will be
the Kelly VS Youtbe Germany month.
But what is the Kelly VS Youtube Germany month?
Starting today - because today is the 1st of September-
I will compete with Youtube Germany in breathtaking challenges
every monday to friday (*4 PM*)
That means, guys:
many *struggeling* collaborations
many youtubers will appear on this channel,
a few already filmed videos with,
a few you would not expect.
That's why you should subscribe to this channel if you haven't already
because I am sure that you don't want to miss any of those videos.
Like I said every monday to friday (*4 PM*) in September.
Some of these videos will be challenges and battles
where I compete directly with another youtuber
or I'll be trying to succeed in a challenge by myself
Then it will be obvious if I
or Youtube Germany won.
And because Youtube Germany is not just youtubers but you
Team Kelly, well in this case not
because you'll be playing against me.
But Team Kelly!
Because in some cases you will be
-in form of a survey, you can open up here and vote-
deciding who won. I invite you to do this.
It'll be worth it
since there'll be a winner and a loser every time.
If I win this month of
Kelly VS Youtube Germany
I will upload a song.
But not any song.
A song many of you are waiting for
for a very long time with a spectacular music video
and the song will be wrapped up.
And in the end this will be the celebration if I win.
There are also some other things planned
*coughing* merch
Because as some of you might know umm I don't have any.
Not yet at least.
But in case I lose
there has to be a punishment.
I can't punish myself.
I would choose the lamest punishment ever.
That's why I want you to scroll down to the comment section
to propose one
or to thumbs-up one that you like.
I beg you not to be that cruel
because it is still entertainment.
*sobbing* for me as well, okay?
I don't deny that I am afraid.
Don't forget to like and comment
because out of the most liked comments
I'll choose a suitable and fair punishment.
I'll do an announcement video for what I selected, too.
I'll maybe upload on a weekend.
Maybe I should also say that it won't always be monday to friday
since I am travelling much in September.
I will upload some vlogs on weekends
I am looking forward to as well.
This will be an amazing month for me and I hope for you, too.
Even if this will probaply be the most exhausting month of my life.
But I am really looking forward to it and I hope it pleases you as well
I'd be pleased - pleased, pleased, pleased, pleased
if you left a thumbs-up and a subscribtion
to vote if I've won or lost
at the end of this month.
I hope I explained everything
if not and you still have questions
go down to the comment section. I try to answer as many of them
as possible. Or to help you with your wishes
or desires. No sexual desires but
everything that is possible through the internet.
We will see us again on monday, 4th of september
because then the first competition
against the first youtuber will beginn.
I hope many of you will be there this monday.
Until then: Ciao! A very excited ciao.
Woohoo!
