Okay are you there?
Yeah I'm here.
Okay guess what.
What?
Wait is the guy for the railing supposed to come tomorrow?
Saturday, yes.
What's he doing today cause I really need him today? ;)
I wanna get the mattress out of the garage
i wanna make the foam pit soft again
since we had to take those other mattresses out.
and uhhhh...
and i wanna do the 24 hour foam pit challenge since it's a Friday.
and Dylan and Quentin and them aren't gonna have school.
But i really want the railing out because then we can do
like standing double backflips and do like really good tricks
and actually have fun and not be bored for 24 hours.
So it'd be amazing if we could get like the railing taken out today.
Well even if he couldn't build it all and put it back together maybe he could at least take the pieces out so it would have an opening.
Yes. Awesome.
Thank you.
What is going on guys?
Today we are back and today...
Hold on lemme make sure this freakin microphone's on.
I think it is.
Okay still getting used to this new microphone.
But it's 11am right now.
Just watched some Netflix and edited my video.
My manager Max is still here, and a guy named Zack.
He owns a big clothing company and we've been talking to him about doing stuff.
I'll introduce you guys to them in a second, but yeah!
As you guys heard with me on the phone we're going to be doing the 24 hour foam pit challenge today.
I think, hopefully we can get that railing taken out, maybe even the fan today.
Not sure about the ceiling fan.
But that thing's not really in the way that much anymore,
'Cause we took out some of the blades.
I think Dylan is still grounded for something,
but Quentin can definitely be in this video.
Maybe we'll get someone else
I'm not sure yet
but i'm just super hype
and i wanna do another video in the foam pit
if you guys follow me on twitter i told you guys i'm gonna start going hard on youtube again like
i'm gonna be grinding ok i'm gonna be coming up with great video ideas
i already have so many video ideas for this summer
just have to wait for it to get a little bit warmer, have my friends get out school completely,
and it's gonna be insane! You guys remember last time, where we did so much fun stuff?
It's gonna be just like that. So, yeah I'm gonna go and take a shower in my weird shower. I'm gonna get ready, then we'll head upstairs and i'll see you guys in a minute so
Good morning! Thank you
So, that's Max, sitting in the chair - he's my manager - and then that's Zach behind him, clothing guy I talked about.
and my mom just brought me some Dairy Queen and we're waiting for Dylan to get here - What?
-Best mom ever.
-Yeah. (laughs)
We'll probably go to Walmart and get a bunch of snacks for this challenge as well,.
And then the guy's gonna come take out the railing in a few hours.
So, everything will be ready to go and I don't know if it's actually gonna be a 24 hour challenge because
In order for me to upload my video on time, it's gonna be like 23 hours and I'm gonna have to edit in the foam pit somehow
It's gonna be fun.
Alright, we're heading out to the trampoline right now. We'll see if Zach can still do a backflip
This trampoline is kind of wobbly because it's on like, halfway on the concrete, but it should stay still.
I'll try to hold it down.
(chuckles) Alright, you ready?
-Yeah.
-Alright.
(laughs)
Told you.
Did it, though.
Almost!
Yeah, it's slides all over the place right now.
Alright, so we're playing GTA!
Quentin is here, don't know if Dylan's coming. If he does, it'll be, uh, a little while.
We're about to go ahead and go to Walmart so we can get snacks for this overnight challenge.
And I'm putting on my Heely's for the first time since Philadelphia.
Haven't worn them. Haven't had a reason, really. And Zach and Max are coming with us.
Come on out, Quentin!
Alright, I don't know what to get, you help me decide.
Chips first. We're hitting up chip aisle first.
wannna buy some chips as i am hungry
Oh, we got these last time! These are good. My grandma used to get these.
Where's the off brand? There they are. These are the better ones.
-Are they really?
-Yeah, I swear they're good.
Go long! Here, I'll go long.
Yeah!
Now, where the frick are the Chips Ahoy? I swear, they should be here.
(gasps) The cookie aisle.
S'mores? What? Are you kidding me?
-Yes?
-I've never had these before.
Oh, the mint ones are so good.
Y'know what, we're gonna...just...
To the checkout.
Hey! Don't crash us.
I'll race you!
No, he's gonna win!
Nooooo! (chuckles)
Does my trunk have fan mail? Moment of truth.
It shouldn't.
Uh, yeah. It definitely does.
-Uh, it'll fit.
-Ah, crap.
We got our snacks by the foam pit. Quentin and I are about to go get the mattress out of the shed. No no no, not shed
-Garage?
-Out of the second garage, yeah. It's on the floor.
And then we're gonna put it into the foam pit, right behind the bean bag in the middle.
We're gonna fluff the foam, put the pillows back on top, make it soft again so we can actually do some good stuff.
Heh heh heh. I have your camera.
Alright guys, it is 2:44 (WHAT!) p.m. right now. Oh, god almost died. Alright, we're in the foam pit right now.
We're gonna move this over so we can put that mattress in the middle like I already said, like 40 times. And uh
I think we have another mattress downstairs. We're gonna get softer and then the railing's coming out.
We're not making it a swinging gate today, we're just getting rid of it so we can do flips off it.
We're gonna make it a gate tomorrow, and then I think the fan comes out tomorrow too.
Perfect.
And the blanket. We're putting a blanket over this time so all the pillows don't fall into the foam and then get lost.
Heh, it looks like there's a little point.
And then, maybe triple front? I don't know, you ask me that later.
Let me get a few Chips Ahoy cookies in there and we'll decide.
Look at that mountain. This should be soft.
Come on in.
I just realized, like, once the balcony is gone, they can just jump off into the foam pit if the wanted to.
Oh, that was amazing. I bounced!
-Why'd you do that?
-I don't know. I just did.
-If you jumped, she would definitely follow you.
-I know. She follows me everywhere. Watch.
-I'll run. She'll follow me.
-Where'd you go?
She actually found me! (laughs) You're so good at hide and seek.
Oh, and Dylan's on his way. by the way.
So, he actually is gonna show up.
guys we  just got a package, at our front door from the people who do our merchandise.
I got to get down real quick
