All right guys. It's time for me to take you to your birthday surprise. Are you ready just get in the car come on?
Let's go
It's all fun and games till you have to clean up all the dumb things that you have to do for Youtube.
 
I don't want to clean.
 
Cleaning sucks. Yo that literally just took two hours of my time which means it's already 330 oh my God
But guess what today is guys you want to tell the audience
Today is Saturday at no, not you guys is birthday
Yo, Jake paulers everyone comment
and wish them a happy birthday you guys turned 18 it means you can vote in four years
He missed it by like a second Potta potta potta.
 
You're a wizard Harry. so I got you guys a birthday surprise. I literally I have something awesome for you guys
I'm really excited. It's not like that. You'll just have to see it's gonna be a surprise. It's like a 30 minute drive away
I'm going to take you guys there a little bit later stamp it. Oh yeah, what is it?
 not going to tell you all I'll say is that I know you guys like to do flips
Talk nearly always you guys a day
Oh, we have a backwards gosh. It's on like timers like a schedule. Yo
Do it yeah really well of all know that all you guys do is is do backflips in grocery stores. Yeah?
Yesterday's vlog with so successful, and I'm so happy that we all like get to keep these trampolines out of house
so that I can bounce around every single do it but
But guys, I thought of the best idea of what to do with these trampolines for tomorrow's vlog. You guys are gonna. Love it
We're gonna start building a contraption that's going to help us out for tomorrow's vlog in today's vlog
You might get a little bit of a hint transfer
Yeah, that'll wake you up
No
I'm so sorry, but it's so easy you know
It's like you just keep on like punching the kid who is easy to punch you yeah, did you miss me?
But you still give me a fist bump. Yes
Don't nice shoes section. Not that nice. Yo, what's up. What's up Martinez?
You know which one of you broke your shoulder last night
Which one is it you bulk of the shoulder crazy I wake up this morning
And these kids were like at the hospital what how did you break it? He wasn't sleeping and he would go right lazy
They don't know how he broke his shoulder. They're trying to describe it. I just don't understand cool. Hello. Oh
Look at this clip  this kid sitting in the hospital
So stands car as some of you guys know has been sitting here for the longest amount of time, so the battery's dead
So we're jumping it right now, and then I'm going to take it for a ride, so he's gonna blow up
It's not cranky no well cars broke nothing nothing boom boom shocked me know it shocked me
Don't do that a home kids or do it
oh
So you sir hey yo yo you define ninja LI Qu and the change time to change oh
Joke Outfit bro. What's that?
Why was it so delete it was like five seconds too late guys?
I'm here with lance and crew ate it Lizzie Alex ready guys. I smaller nose. You 
There's so many twins
Yo, I got them a surprise, but we're going to take them there you guys going to come so besides being a basketball player
Jake used to be a rapper. Yeah, drop that beat dang game
Chillin in the back row in  crack. Thank you. Drop that beat
Old-school brett takes me back in my cabin that I like girls
And I like to smoke crack up a lot of stuff rhymes with crack to be fair
I'll try to keep the crack smoking Tolman are you a jake parlor? Do you watch the bizarre vark?
Are you a savage?
Alrighty Colin wall. Thank you for being a jake baller and watching Bizarre  and don't do drugs unless the three
When you're on Disney Channel's people just like sell your likeness and they face
I'm their cousins and my family members or friends and just have to talk to him the whole entire time
But yes, fine, and I don't mind it, but just what happened
So if you ever want to see on Disney just hiller like tripods breaking my tripod is breaking my tripods breaking much
but then DV, so
What do you got lance, no?
Yes, the twins are born on the same day
Unfortunately, there's one in 1159 the first one and the other one was born at 12-1
So yo does that happen it probably does not just happen like  wins, but we have two different birthdays
Is that jesus on a skateboard all right guys? It's time for me to take you to your birthday surprise, so you ready
Just get in the car. Come on. Let's go, and I got a whole crew for you vamanos. We're celebrating Lucas Emerges birthday
They're twins you have to vamanos and get in the car
What does that mean by the way it means hurry up right come on Bobby know yet that?
Like Dora the explorer doors you not have dora oh my God these kids all right guys
We're here someone someone cover lucas of arches his eyes. It's a surprise over their eyes. I'm going on oh
Alright three two one
Day because I gotta go see is this first on a three-story go pop some tags
Okay, look come over here. Come here. Oh yeah, that's not the real surprise
This is a real surprise you do flips here all day long. Yeah, you can do backflips right here. I?
Mean it's all I can afford. I think it's fine as long as we front of area to a backflip like we're fine
Thanks a cig aspects of course oh pump it. Yeah, that's it you gotta do some flips. What is this area?
What is it is that what this is for don't want the parkour? Wow look at all these people stretching?
Wow, yo Tessa y know what is it? No? You're not you're trying to show off to the jig ballers the bro, Jake baller?
She's trying to show off to a flip birthday boy. Hey
That's all you wanted I knew you would flip out when you saw this place good. That's good today Lucas go. Yo
Yes, you'll flip that's all you wanted for your birthday to do a flip
So they're trying to fill out a waiver, but they're not from the United States, and they don't have ids
So if they can't they can't jump they technically don't exist. They're still
Trump's going to kick them out
believe up and
You can jump and sit on that I go. Oh
He's got it
Yeah
He good guys. What are you doing? Yo? What  you doing? Oh?
Yo, why can't you throw it n? Yo? Yo is that your axe? Yeah get your ax girl. Oh
Ain't Gonna cheat on you. No more. Yo, why'd you say? Yo like that boy like you're a section?
She's under diddy with your contractor. No the logs are life you have to be honest with them are we found this guy
What's your name?
Don't follow until Fallen
hey, still all Fallen ah
Shut up, , so which one guys. What's that?
You ain't gonna do it? I'm gonna do with you and go dude
I'm gonna do leon do it do what you're gonna do nex private this yeah drive it. Yeah, okay
Yo, yo yo nick. Oh
Yeah, you did that deal. Why are these boxes so big?
Supplement even in there may be a long one. Haha. Yeah, alright
Oh my God any idea if we did an overnight challenge and home to emily just chilled in this they would never know
Like had ocd that is so bad if a worker had ocd and just like wanted to close it for note
Oh my God, I got the keys keys keys
This is too much pressure. I don't know if I can handle it
Alright, so we got all of the wood to build a roof trampoline park tomorrow morning Lucas emerges
Happy birthday guys. Thank you. We're a family now. We're like brothers uh-huh yeah, cool yeah, nick
Desmond's oh no big exciting birthday. Nope not your birthday first, please. Go why a week way oh
Yeah, and jake parlor today's
Notification shout-out goes to Robert jello from Miami. What's up my boys Robert?
Thank you so much for having my notifications on and guys if you  to shout out in tomorrow's video
All you have to do is turn on my post notifications and comment when you are done
I'm also going on Instagram right now
And I'm going to be liking people's pictures back the rest of the day, so double tap mine follow me
I'll double tap some of you and follow you back a polish
I will see you in the morning Roof shepley park because it's every day bro push
back
