It is a Monday by the time you're watching this it'll be a Tuesday and today
I'm going to be reacting to all of my old vines rest in peace vine
rest in peace
It's fine. There's other platforms im  on YouTube. What's up youTube as I've  you guys in the past my mondays are really boring, so
vlogging it is kind of just like it wouldn't be fun at all so I think like every Monday
I'm going to be doing a different type of video, so
Yeah, if you guys haven't seen yesterday's vlog already
It's probably one of the best ones super entertaining like all around yes
I'm going to react to my old vines so let's do this basically been making vines for three years
So I don't know what what like we're about to see here. I'm kind of nervous to be honest
Here we go
Here we go
Disney shout out to Disney cuz I rock love you on how to get away with parking in a handicapped spot first one
And have to write you a ticket. It's a handicapped spot. No, you can't park
Your id to actually do that in real life, which is the funny part all right?
May
It's like that. It's like the penguins in Madagascar. No, not funny
Barely classic classic just splice them together there
Is that Josh peck from Jake and Josh?
Wow Vince vaughn Vince vaughn Bang on oh
I put this pussy. I look Eddie eat his tone. Oh
Yo, I had to eat his toe oh my God. I made him like clean  so much the things you do for vine
Brandon Bowen Brandon Bowen reveal it reveal it that one's me that is me. I'm the one who rides the go cart 0
Yo, if you look closely, it looks like he broke breaks his arm ill and like sounds like it, too
But it doesn't it's all an illusion
This one took so long
We had to like make it look like he  actually hitting me, but he wasn't look look closely look closely here
Who do you see the things around the screen? What do you see do you see Alyssa?
Weird right leg out so text me
your
tongue If Jumped off the cliff you jump off to
The blink yo we had to actually go to a cliff diving spot
And do this we had to jump off of it like five times
like it was the most painful thing to film and I would always fall faster because
I don't know what I think I would jump student know below him this was so hard, so
this one my
Brother actually had to buy a new door. We live and just ruin this door and my dad was not too
Happy about it logan. It's Christmas
lip gloss be happy
Yeah, oh it took so long to film like you guys have no idea like I had to all be lined up
Yo, what is this table? It's
That's what they say whose day let's call it tornado not tomorrow, whatever
Classic oh, oh you see my  who see my limp who's seen it. I think it everything. Are you hurt?
It's called Sweat jock Russell
I know that was the first time I've ever gone to New York New York slit this next one honestly
It took a lot of courage to build up to do you know I was nervous honestly I
Had to shout from the whole mall I used to this is my hometown
The Christian face the Way, Mr.. Christian page
Well look at that girl. No dude. She is a total butterface butterface
Huh?
How did we get the butter to stay on her face boo boo boo boo?
Intermission guys um don't forget that today is literally the last day to enter into the iPhone 7 and easy giveaway contest
You have to be subscribed to my channel
retweet the tweet, that's in the description and
You got to want it. So the more you talk about it. The more you tweet me the more you like stuff?
ETC
The better chance you have it winning. I'm picking the winners tomorrow
So come back tomorrow
Make sure you stay tuned and yeah check out who wins and back to the video
Don't don't skip leg day. I guess um
This vine is the most true thing like you would never do something cool when people are watching you honestly
I could always like wheelie. I would do wheelies all the time on my motorcycle, then I dick yo yo yo come watch of it
Hi guys what?
Like what yo, that's my brother. Cole do something about it, baby
Everyone looked at us
Everyone and their mother was what they were like you are these kids yelling in the streets. I mean you want some yeah, okay? Oh
What were we thinking? Oh, Mike? What were we ?
You could have literally died
That took so much planning know like we planned that one up for basically directors and Producers and yeah, so that were
My dance skills are impeccable in this one
Hey
That's me. Yo that's me in fourth grade. This is act like I'm telling you I've been filming YouTube videos for ever
This is actually me in fourth Grade
What was I doing?
 table
Fuck I hate fun. It's raining really. No, just isn't that good story time
Filming this we are actually on the beach
And it flash flooded with like rain like it immediately started pouring buckets of rain
And then we had our phones, and that was it and we were like a mile away from our resort
so I literally stuck the phone in my pants and started sprinting just full force and
By the time I got there my phone is fine, but it was still I kind of soaking wet. I don't know how
Yeah
Fuck with us in she go check it out Jenna. He's in jail. That artist is in Jail
Getting a girl what oh hey did you fix my bottle yeah?
Dean, but Ibaka too quick wait wake up, okay. Maybe a picnic, LOL
festival Mario bang yeah, baby
Dance moves on point Logan can't dance though so that lit up so many tries to do because he was just like no
I don't look good. I was like you're not gonna. Look good anyways, no matter what your kind of?
You know how do we not burn our house down like every single day
It's just one muffin why not. It's time to go  
funny
, so when he was actually shooting those ping-pong balls at me. It hurts, bro. It's not a joke
The world I want the world to know my name
So that's why I made that one if I and put the song there
It's decorated look at me. Look at me. Come in look at me come for us referee. Oh there. I am shocked me
Don't then she's got the dead should we wrap about today however. I love this cocoa
Alright guys. That was me reacting to my old vines oh
We're gonna Miss fine. Not really kind of
good old days
Thank you so much for watching make sure you guys are subscribed check out yesterday's vlog
Log coming to you tomorrow or only going to be missing Monday's just cuz there's nothing going on. We literally don't do anything but
so yeah, thanks for watching and
Love you guys to the best. Here's what I've seen 10 and a big night. We shall be a slide
