I'm Mavis du Bois for travel TV we have
decided to do a documentary about the
good sensation video game guitar hero
let's go meet dusty Brock she just go in
there just see if it's almost mr. Brock
up you just choose the hell are you look
at that you see that this doesn't happen
come over here look at this channel
Channel News see this channel 10 TV no
no no no no these words don't happen on
this screen and I'm serious if that
comes up again I'm not doing this okay
we just we just want to ask you a few
questions sir it's good stop talking
right foot two minutes mr. Brock if you
had a chance to calm down
you ready to continue whatever okay is
that a yes okay just let me know what's
going on documentary sometimes they ask
questions to interview stuff at that and
we need rocket jump shots of me I think
near the questions and you answering
them okay okay thanks okay well I'm just
letting you know what's wrong so mr.
Brooke what's your daily life like
rocking the masses through my electronic
systems dude mr. Brock you're not
actually supposed to answer that
question who is the camera guy this is
this doesn't have rocks not mr. Brock
life or what mr. Brock we are filming me
asking you the questions for editing
purposes asking me the questions yes
it's just please don't have to get this
you whatever all are really ready to
show again mr. Brock what is your daily
life like it was Georgie you're not
supposed to answer the question when I
asked it ok oh my gosh do you how do you
get a job do you even know what you're
doing you're interviewing me you're
making this harder than it really needs
to be go get some more glasses maybe
that will help you read what you're
supposed to ask me I'm gonna ask you the
question again and I need you to not
answering for audio purposes sure he's
not sure do you understand what I'm
saying yes you're talking me but you're
not I got should go okay question one
mr. Brock please tell us what your daily
why are you playing guitar you are using
mr. ruff trying I'm trying to try and
fit we're trying to film a documentary
and I need your full cooperation so it's
a documentary on guitar hero and I'm
cooperating okay I do need to shut up
mr. Brock why are you being so difficult
you just made me miss that mr. Brock we
agree oh yes by his name is mr. sign
they miss miss you're not are you mrs.
Brock why are you sitting next around my
couch Doubront signed a contract so far
his don't suck it fell on my couch you
just maybe use it mr. Brown average of
the solos their production to co-sign in
a quick email my gosh I started your
Brock you sign an agreement saying that
we can do this use did you try to check
did you sign the check you just signed
my star power out the window this is
what I do what I've asked my fans in
real life they're here they're here
thank you I'll core anybody from you
gearing up for an eternity all I got to
say is screw Mike Schwartz ensure
gamestop why why is this exercise i push
the kid okay I pushed it but i don't
know i don't care i don't care if they
shine he was 10 i don't care like in 10
or 90 you don't like he's coming in here
thinking you could play me on hard and
then I like it comes down to and I'm
there you know I push him and like they
have to call the cops oh my gosh and
then Mike Schwartz he's claiming it you
know I don't you did you probably guys
but you you would you want to interview
him if you could general I'm got to him
first is that why is easy yeah I didn't
do an interview no I
seriously I need you to be in the game
oh my gosh she only wanted that Unicorn
it's okay stop I want you I don't know
Charlie fucking vids okay I'm here and
I'm taking my time I'm a fucking job
haha how did hire dudes you didn't paid
joining myself he's not going to
cooperate there's no other way we need
to get the reaction we need to get me
asking him questions and he's not going
to cooperate so it's I don't know what
else to do right now I really don't know
what else to do how are you mr. Proctor
there actually any tournaments that
you're gearing up for it there is there
is there's the Nationals guitar your
social meta I don't do a lot of fun
No
your perfume
wait wait wait doesn't he usually sent
the end of his videos and talk about
stuff that no one cares about yeah man
what's going on I don't know man what's
it just feels kind of wrong you know
yeah man yeah all right um this is kind
of awkward I'm gonna go by so you guys
well I'll have you know that I haven't
been wearing pants the whole time but
hey
get out while you
