Yo guys, what's up and welcome to the final part of the sidemen  this is part 6 and I am joined today with
ether
Take a little better luck yeah
Another one on my  then that would be the best  shout best  friends
You guys know how this works basically there is a compilation of  vines that we are now going to react to but first
Simon's like an Ethernet/ip
 stop pumping belongings and they also breathe, I don't know the rest yeah yeah, yeah
This is funky gold
Okay now on to the actual vibe. Are you ready for this? I'm ready all right three two
One go, I'm ready. It's my time. I'm trying  find the way you so I can secure myself
thanks, you got around yeah, I can save a giveaway 
 in I'm ready 
Can I put it in your bar myself at me?
Just a girl you're the only one that said on the internet
Just a girl I didn't say it and I didn't I said Namibia Namibian ice Poison Olivia. It's a country
oh
I didn't know in the media
Yeah, oh, yeah, okay.  know  
like these
Yes, sir. I look like you said hi my eyes in that a little bit, hahaha
oh
Rose
That there's babies being made just from looking into that look at oh, you just caused worldwide pregnancy
I don't know that good now. Oh
However any of the rings now your the rings that's very true if we go. I think you've got more ringing that sounds
So much these are the  though that make you make us look like yeah, no, you know semi-normal like are  guys cool
, yeah, and then it cuts to another one where it's like sticking in my back. I love God 
,   connor easy
Did you say secretly portrayed? I don't know what it said secretly a train wait
It's secretly a train look wait. Well, wait. Let's make me look good
Secretly a train and then yeah. He said made me look wait. Let's make me look good wait. Let's make me look
oh, okay, I
Was there when you film this?
 is this song it sounds like  boring song  she sounds that she didn't want to record this one?
Was Jay John the Kettle well?
My job is one of those where do you see yeah? Yeah, why should?
other  eyes appeared on the
 of it. I think he's like why is there a pig with eyebrows. I don't  . I think it's his laughs
Yeah
That's a Kettle noise. Are you nobody's dumb?
Although steve yeah, I left hey look at look at that
Ladykiller oh
 in Calgary
Good to go help bridge. Oh my God. How many different cowl names are there in the world how many anything?
Oh, you could make so many  like cal fridge wines
You could make so many yet you need to make well guys cow something vines
 know what we will make cow react to it for a video yeah, do that you make that video
We will make him real - yeah, because there'll be cow cow Bonanza
What is going?
Like a Christmas thing isn't it?
This is my God like stable of Mega stayed
Oh here. We go. Oh. Oh this is all of us. I told you it getting special traven off always mainly toby. It was just
Who did this?
ha ha ha ha
 was yet none of us have really thin said that way  was very good line up is very very good
Yeah, how's everybody?
Cuz that's not what was ladies. We have a cyber  run
I'm pretty sure you're gonna have to send to hear me. Oh no that. She sends a sensitise
She says it at respect  she knew the videos were coming
Josh white is Josh's  win a black weird background guy
He's the only one that when they try it when you try make him look normal still doesn't look normal
Ya know there's some  see  normality clips here. I didn't know you're the landing strip on his chin
Oh my God is he balding or legit
Instead of holding four mirrors. It's headlines. Not receiving. What is insane?
Okay, it's going this one is just slowly up and then start receding
Hi, Papa. I'm a mighty granger. Hi. I'm josh, baby
,  should be just in turn is job dog
Get some help
Hahahaha, can we just look a woman a lot an actual flamingo is I don't know whether but it oh
Um um bro. Where's your budget see?
Oh, that's that's levels
That's how you should have done it Jay, Jay
Yeah, just uh normally a hooker
I
Love these ones
The money thing is so good. It's gonna be one  the eastenders one do it
Good then thank you. Just change the bitch of it right well
That's the end of a sign  vines hot6 it was an experience. I liked it .   funny
There is a part seven and I'm now bumming with every side man
So I don't really know what to do with that. We have also recorded a try not to laugh Challenge on Ethan's channel
Which you can check out in the description subscribe way over there you guys  and 
