 There is a war going on
inside our head.
The good vs the bad.
The scared vs the brave.
There is no single victor.
For the war goes on for a
lifetime
Back and forth the voices go.
Perhaps there was never meant
 to be a winner.
And the real prize is to be self-aware...
To befriend your voices...
And from time to time...
Give them a microphone!
 I'm the best
I'm the best there ever was, 
and the best there ever will be.
All the success, thats all me
I won't thank anyone else.
 I did it all on my own
All my success is all I need.
♫ They think that I fail when they see me on YouTube. Who is she? They don't have a clue. ♫
♫ Man, she ain't funny, I don't understand, yo, how does she get views? ♫
♫ These numbers ain't nothing. She tripping, straight up, yo, this girl is confused. ♫
♫ I trip all the way onto Forbes and stay on. Let me tie up my shoes. ♫
♫ Who am I? Who am I? Hello, nice to meet you, my name is the news ♫
♫ Haters, say hi to your sisters, and tell them that I said, "Yo, thanks for the views!"♫
♫ I got three L's in my name, but yo, don't get it twisted, I get W's ♫
♫ My money like a pair of Nike's--my checks,
 they coming in two's. ♫
♫ When you sleeping, I work. When you slacking, I work. When you clubbing, I don't do the same. ♫
♫ When you breaking, I work. When you quitting, I work. When you faking, I don't play that game. ♫
♫ When you fronting, I work. When you talking, I work. When you crying, I go through the pain. ♫
♫ You flexing your arms, I'm flexing my life cause homie, my hustle got gains ♫
♫ Back in the day, they used to say, "You-will-not-get-far."♫
♫ But now today, my insta page looking-like-postcards. ♫
♫ These people don't move, they run out of gas. Their hustle is idle. ♫
♫ I'm sipping on booze, flying first class, texting my idols. ♫
♫ If you don't know me, I replaced T.V, so yeah, I'm entitled ♫
♫ If you don't like me, kiss my booty with some BAWSE. That ish will last a while ♫
♫ If I'm in a good mood, I might mention you and give you some hype ♫
♫ Tag you in a pic, and give you a career for the rest of your life♫
Rarr!
♫ Double Tap. Double Tap. Double Tap ♫
♫ Double Tap. Double Tap. Double Tap ♫
♫ Double Tap. Double Tap. Double Tap ♫
Hello? 
What if i'm successful and all alone? I don't wanna do this anymore
I just want my friends.
I want my family.
I don't want to do this
I don't want to be alone.
Can somebody please talk to me right now?
 I'm Not Happy
♫ I'm working hard to make my family proud. ♫
♫ but maybe they just wanna see me more ♫
♫ What if I'm all alone before a crowd, ♫
♫ and the only friend I have with me is Forbes. ♫
♫ Is it worth it? Do I deserve it? ♫
♫ I think I'm destined for greatness but 
I'm unsure of it. ♫
♫ I moved so far away from everything I know. ♫
♫ That was the only way I thought that I could grow. ♫
♫ I see amazing things. I meet amazing folks. ♫
♫ You ask what joy it brings, I couldn't tell you though ♫
♫ I'm always on the go. ♫
♫ No time to take it in. ♫
♫ I meet my idols, then I'm searching for the next win. ♫
♫ I don't know what I'm doing. I'm making this all up. ♫
♫ What if talent isn't true, and this was all luck. ♫
♫ Do people love me for me? Or do they love my stats? If I didn't have all of that, would they have my back? ♫
♫ I miss having conversation. I try, but it's hard to have patience when it's selfies before hi. ♫
♫ Like, "Can I take a selfie?" .... ♫.
♫ No "Hi, how are you?"♫
♫ Yeah, for sure, uncle. It's nice to see you, too. ♫
♫ My choices make me lonely. I don't let people hold me. I'm addicted to success. ♫
♫ Scared to get some rest. Killing myself slowly, claiming nobody knows me, ♫
♫ and it took this beat to confess--
 that I'm a mess. ♫
♫ I don't know what I'm doing. God, give me a sign. ♫
♫ I don't know what I'm doing. I'm making this all up--♫
♫ and I'm a mess ♫
I'm just feeling so insecure right now
I don't want anybody to look at me,
or touch me, or talk to me
Just leave me alone. I'm alone.
And that's all I know.
 Don't Touch me
 
Ugh! I had such a long day.
I just. I just need somebody to hold me, and someone to touch me, and feel me, and...
make me feel like i'm the one.
I don't wanna talk. I work a long day,
so I wanna know, can you work a long night?
♫ I don't wanna talk. I work a long day, ♫
♫ so I wanna know, can you work a long night? ♫
♫ I like the way you look when I'm in this dress. ♫
♫ Can you make me feel blessed when I'm feeling super sexy? ♫
♫ I don't care what's right. I want you next to me. ♫
♫ Make me forget my responsibilities. ♫
♫ I don't wanna tell you about my day. ♫
♫ I just wanna use your body in the most selfish way. ♫
♫ I'm feeling myself, feeling some type of way. ♫
♫ Only thing would be better is you feeling me. ♫
♫ Can you pull me really close? Kiss up on my neck, ♫
♫ then we switch roles, and we start to sweat.
Don't you dare stop now. ♫
♫ Chills up and down, fingers down my spine, heavy-breathing sound. ♫
♫ Bodies start to grind. Don't you dare talk now. ♫
♫ Let me let go of myself. ♫
♫ Let me be a side of me that people never see ♫
♫ Can you let go of yourself? Let me see a side of you that people never see. ♫
♫ I’m a tomboy with a figure, ♫
♫ underneath that t-shirt tracing curves with your finger. ♫
♫ But you better make it quick. ♫
♫ Took a break from the hustle, I need to get back to it. ♫
♫ It’s your lucky day. I work hard and they say that's also how you gotta play ♫
♫ Can you please stop talking? ♫
♫ Put some Queen Bee on repeat, let's get it popping ♫
I am the sexiest person on the planet right now.
I wan't you next to me, and I wan't you to feel me,
feeling how confident I am
No playing around. No jokes.
I don't give a f about anything
No I'm not serious, i'm not sexy, 
i'm a goofball.
I'm just playing around. I don't care
Life's too short!
♫ I'm sexy and I know it, wearing Spanx and I show it. ♫
♫ Got stretchmarks on my booty, all these carbs are bound to grow it. ♫
♫ And I don't give any effs. ♫
♫ Life's too blessed to be stressed, ♫
♫ but if your name is Efron, I'ma step on out this dress. ♫
♫ Yeah right, like I shaved my legs. I didn't. ♫
♫ I don't have a thigh gap, but I sure got all the trimmings. ♫
♫ And I can't do a smoky eye, no matter how hard I try. ♫
♫ So I use that eyeshadow to turn myself to a guy. ♫
♫ Drawing beards on my face, putting wigs on my head. ♫
♫ Double-tapping Nick Bateman while I'm lying in my bed. ♫
♫ Holla! ♫
♫ Love-handles! I got them love-handles! ♫
♫ No pedicure, rocking open-toed sandals! ♫
♫ Holla! ♫
♫ Love-handles! I got them love-handles! ♫
♫ Hella split-ends, and my hair so tangled! ♫
♫ And I am such a G, ♫
♫ unicorns all on my feet. ♫
♫ Sippin' half a cosmo, got me dancing so off-beat. ♫
♫ My outfit not on point, and my nails not on fleek. ♫
♫ Spray tan effin' up on my clean white sheets. ♫
♫ Life is really good. Yeah, my life is kind of perfect. ♫
♫ I can see the whole world, like I'm Jasmine on a carpet. ♫
♫ I don't have a single problem. I think I deserve it. ♫
♫ I'm like Sixth Harmony, baby, I am so worth it. ♫
♫ Got my heels in my hand and I'm walking down the street. ♫
♫ I can't wait to eat some fries then go straight to get some sleep ♫
I don't care about anything!
Life is perfect. The world is perfect.
People are perfect
Other people, loving people
Drinking my drink. Doing my dance
I'm on top of the world right now.
I don't know why I always pretend like everything okay?
because it's not
It's not okay. The world is not okay.
The world is not happy. The world is in a bad place
♫ How can I sleep? How can I eat? How can I live when freedom isn't really free? ♫
♫ Cause I am a failure, not just me, but rather, we all fail if people don't know black lives matter ♫
♫ But money don't mean nothing if equal pay ain't the standard ♫.
♫ Trying to tweet these changes but one-forty letters can't change strangers. ♫
♫ It's not enough to be a diamond in the rough cause if you sit to pee, you at the bottom of the ladder. ♫
♫ We got clowns in elections, never pay them no attention, but the hate is progressing. ♫
♫ That's a reflection of who we are. Who are we? ♫
♫ We killing people for loving people. We don't know how to stop it. ♫
♫ We just making trending topics. ♫
♫ Why aren't we aiding aids? ♫
♫ When it comes to real problems, we need some hearing aids. ♫
♫ Some priorities, some respect. ♫
♫ Instead we reading about what two celebs just had sex. ♫
♫ Girls are getting raped. That ain't the fault of mini-skirts, it ain't because of alcohol, ♫
♫ or because she liked to flirt. ♫
♫ That's because we made a place where she has less of a worth, ♫
♫ and offenders walk away while the victims lay to hurt. ♫
♫ You scared of Muslims? I'm scared of your mentality. ♫
♫ Your weak mind is why we have so much damn brutality. ♫
♫ A war on terrorism, bigger war on ignorance. ♫
♫ Nice Muhammad Ali tattoo, I guess ignorance is bliss. ♫
♫ People are drowning in the water that we drink. ♫
♫ Trying to escape war, what more? ♫
♫ You got to think. You would rather let them sink then to let them in. ♫
♫ Borders, money, politics. ♫
♫ Eff the human condition. That's the world we live in. ♫
♫ Killing them, letting them die. Now, what's the difference? ♫
♫ We are killers. We are hateful. Are we blessed and ungrateful? ♫
♫ The solution and the problem. We can't just pray. ♫
♫ We gotta solve them. ♫
♫ Stop praying. Shut up. We solve them ♫
♫ We are the problem to our goddamn problems ♫
♫ How can you sleep?
How can you eat? ♫
♫ You're the problem to your goddamn problems ♫
♫ We are the problems to our goddamn problems ♫
♫ Shut up, and just solve them ♫
 We all have these voices in our heads,
but regardless of their presence,
it's up to us to decide which ones to use.
Which ones to base our actions on,
and which ones define us.
It's not about the voices in your head.
It's about what you do with them....
