this video Gonna be crazy
What if everyone it's your girl superwoman and I jumped on my Facebook?
And I was like what do you all want  see for Super Thursday?
And so many people were like your parents reacting to anaconda
 I'm like you really gonna do that to me so I have forced my parents to watch Anaconda
Which is Nicki Minaj new music video?
What up t-shirt reference?
So this should be interesting uh I hope you enjoy, okay dang it hello hello hello,  do you think Chandigarh Sex 417?
 I'm coming double oh
Today we are making video reacting to Nicki Minaj, but no  Nicki Minaj Nicki Minaj
 when me Nano. I'm
 small Banana mine are given    video Pod and of   and Conda I
Like that one song we say starship man - nah
I think it's very good one this video going to be just like jungle book with higher than water Dr.
Chilton Tiger and a counter jungle appear
I am doing computer
For you hello, , but the in general.  knew I knew it jungle book. Oh, yeah
Look see jungle look monkey. Oh, no, not monkey. What are you wearing, though?
Then the gym. I think they in the gym
What why are you talking like it?
Making  movie movie is coming. I know mowgli jungle book Mowgli. How'd you walking in these shoes?
Why you talking like that you're talking very very like sheep doing bad things, okay Mowgli Mommy Mommy
Where's Mowgli?
doesn't fuck
She doing very much like this. She do okay. Touching everybody you must want to do like this and bump 
She did that good dead
my God
You try anything   not a jungle book  okay, okay, okay?
you like the gym you taking shower, but
I
Don't like this. I don't like this okay
My good one exercise that he got everybody everybody's on jumping jacks  . You're on the news
They said it's dying because they were exercise like this shit, okay?
 very bad
Yes
She married necklace. She made it necklace for cause you know the necklace you made up your next. He made him over her book
She very necklace on her boobies
Why are you crawling? You can't walk you can't all michael? Oh my God 
How do you move it like her name is moving like this?
Okay, thank you. Thank you
She being  did all my god. I can't look at the tiger naked she moving ready like this
very
She made it  s what I've been where you are being under that is the soonest she bangs shoelace in at a pop
Oh my God, this is for  this is for making poopoo
This  not for shaking like  for time running on my plate. I'm going to watch like this I
don't   do in the two bananas ah
 touch
please make
Targeted a please make roti don't eat the banana. Do not eat the banana like that make not deeply
    crazy 
 Gonna make sticky you  be sticky
Why why?
Why shaking the pan? I'm shaking the  
Dick oh my God, Rick. Oh
Good drake is gonna do good thing drag good boy. Thank  this drake. No drake. Don't do things like this
He's got that . No  stop doing this thing go to your room. Are you making  you too many?
digging today
What a message, I got one I don't  this she's not even  anything
She's just saying do big Bob this I like big bump people people look at my bum. That's what she's saying
Dad no, no
okay, please stop this okay stop but
I'm never doing like this again. Love you
You three take    your   where to conduct it never  got a room?
I found you everyone go to your room. I'm going to go take shower
, my anaconda. Don't my anaconda. Don't my anaconda. Don't
know
So that does happen. I hope you enjoyed it one love superwoman that is a wrap and hold on my dad
Let's tell you something soup wipe it before you go don't go eat listen to me
I have something to tell you you do like this video click thumbs up, okay?
I want to see how  thumbs up we can get so if you like me if you like my test
Hit click the thumbs up okay also check out last videos right there, okay? It's called reviewing the vMa your music about you
Go that you check it also my stupid daughter also now do daily
Daily video because you don't eat my player now if you want to see her every single day daily video
You click right there for our second channel daily blog click then also make sure you clicking subscribe and commenting below?
I'll be making new videos every  and every Thursday.  now going to show this again
This not done. Don't own those or done belong them, but we saw anything so make sure you click subscribe, okay? Thank you, ?
Okay, bye also big announcement if you live in the brampton area. I will be hosting the official music launch of Dr.
Cappy  is a free event at Silver City Brampton this Saturday august
30th at 2:30 p.m.. But I'm doing something special
I want all of you to come rapping team super so if you were a superwoman shirt hat  have a sign that says team
Super Super and whatever
I'll give you some shout outs from on stage all the information is in my Facebook  in my twitter
so if you live in Brampton, Mississauga Greater Toronto area  want to see you there, , 
