-Yo, should we call an Uber?
-Definitely...
-Yeah, yeah.
So should I call the Uber and then..?
-No, I can call it if you want.
-Or I can, it's really not a big deal.
I don't mind either.
Okay, cool.
It's fine I'll call the Uber
-Are you sure?
...'Cause
'Cause I can...
I-I can...
Okay, fine. Yeah you call the Uber.
Oh...
Okay, yeah
Cool, alright cool.
{Conversation}
Oh, sorry, I got sidetracked.
*tsk*
You got sidetracked, that
That-that's not even the right app,
You're on Instagram right now.
-Uh...
Switch that over there.
Wait, honestly, do I even have Uber?
No, no you do. Right there, that big "U".
That big "U"? That's Uber.
Yeah, oh, she's she's good. She got it. Yeah. She's gonna called uber
Are you good?
Yeah
...Did you guys have those cheese things?
-I did, but they kinda-
-Fire...
-Do you have to, like, run in the bathroom?
What's taking so long Allie, I don't know drop off a dress can somebody else just all the drop to your house
We're going to your house. Oh, we're going to my place you forgot. Okay? Yeah, you know the guy stop playing games
I could call you okay. Yeah, it's just it's not accepting my credit card. Oh, yeah
It's probably cuz I'm Canadian so the transfer...
Right... for sure, for sure...
What's your bank?
What?
Who do you bank with?
Chase
Siri, call Chase Bank.
-You know, I can-
-NO! Stop.
Did you go call the Uber?
My PHONE's dying.
47% damn. Don't worry, whatchugot, girl, 3, 4, iPhone X?
Portable charge here, I GOTchu, whatever you need
What's your problem? Dude?
What's mine?
What's? What's mine?
The... I don't have a problem. Okay, all I know is that YOU said,
you were gonna "Call the Uber".
...And now we're out here, loitering.
We're loitering on these streets- we can get fined.
Are YOU gonna pay the fine..?
I'm not gonna pay the fine. You gon' pay the fine?
-Lilly, it's "fine".
No, no, it's not fine, okay, because empty promises is not a mode of transportation.
-Okay, I'm sorry.
(If) you say you're gonna do something, you should do it. Okay? Because your reliability
is getting ZERO stars right now.
Girl, I can call it, it's not a big deal.
No... *gibberish*
NO! 'kay, all y'all trash! Okay?
Y'all know that I'M gonna call the Uber.
*Annoyed Gibberish*
I've always called the Uber.
Do you mind?
I mean if you...
...Wanna call the Uber...
Yeah, that's cool, if you got it...
If you're cool with it
*sighs*
I'm starving
Yo, should we order a pizza?
*Muttered agreeing*
So should I order the pizza?
-I mean, I could- I could get it...
>SUBTITLES BY LMMSkits.
Yeah, all the Bunco and we're look at this animation. Oh my god things are slide again check this out limited-edition
Valentine's Day merch has just released on Lilly Singh, Kham brand new colors, so let bae know what's good go right now listen combo
Know did you like that video give it a big thumbs of also what are these dope clothes now?
We're new Valentine's Day merch
Oh right now Lilly Singh
Kham get the exclusive limited edition ish make sure you subscribe because I make new videos every Monday and Thursday
One love superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop. I can't breathe get out of the car
