Hey guys, it's me again!
And..  uhh  this is probably the craziest week of my life
right, not only am I about to hit one million subscribers
which is so crazy, but I was roasted again by a kid by a little kid right,
When will these kids learn to not mess with me, right!
But this time, I wasn't roasted by one kid
I was roasted by TWO kids
and I can sit here and talk about--
'Hey guys it's me again and now I'm mad and make two separate videos'
you know, trying to handle my business, right?
But I was like 'you know what? I want to test, test my roasting abilities'
and see if I am capable
of dissing two kids, in one video
so you guys are probably wondering:  Rice Gum, who is it this time?'
He goes by the name of Bruhitszach
15 years old, two million followers on musically
and almost a million on Instagram
he was live streaming one night and it had like 7000 current viewers
And they were watching him and he knows
he knows that I love making diss tracks
And he is gonna sit there and challenge me?
At my own game
*you know what? alright, hold one, I don't want you to see my face yall*
*I'm gonna be a hidden mask*
*I'm sorry, but yall don't need to watch me when I do this*
yall just.... yall just look at the ceiling
*While I roast on Ricegum, I'm too scared*
*Alright, here we go, I'm gonna get on him*
*Show him whose real*
*rapping badly*
*I really didn't want to do this to you*
*Why you looking dirty at me doing Youtube*
Then you went and turned into a little fruity loop
*making friends with all the kids you dissed on Youtube*
*I have a question for you Mr RiceGum*
*How come everytime you smile, all I see is dumb*
That was fire yall!
That was like straight fire!
That was like *clap*
I'm proud of myself, yall!
Oo, I got him, I said whats up
whats up Rice booty hoe
oh wait, no, that's not my lyric, erm
Ok, yall on a scale from one to ten, how good was that?
I think that was like, that was like straight fire!
and all of his fans went crazy
talking about fire, fire ten out of ten
and I was just sitting here like
that was average at best, like it was ok I guess
and I thought me and zach were cool like there were times when I caught him slipping , but I let it slide
But, this time he is gonna pay the price. But, before that another talentless kid famous for no reason
goes on his live stream and drops a diss track again.
I flush you down my toilet call u doodoo
NOW I'M REALLY MAD
Cause these kids know
That when it comes to dropping diss tracks
I'm The Best!
And they're gonna sit here and challenge me
at my own game.
*Has Breakdown*
Now I'm Mooooo--
It's time...
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
But yeah guys I guess that's gonna wrap the video.
If you made it to the end, thank you so much for watching I guess
and this is the most effort, and most, I mean the most inspirational video ever
Diss track was another fire, just, mmm....
But more content to come.
I hope you guys are ready for what the future holds.
Thank you for all the support I swear to god, I swear.
I have the best supporters in the world like you guys, you , aj ghuasd you guys just go crazy !
I have been hitting a 100 thousand likes every vid, if you guys can like the video keep the street going.
If you enjoyed ,comment, I read every comment and subscribe if you are new.
But if you aren't new, we are about to hit a million ;)
We are, not me ! We are about to hit a million subscribers soon.
