hey
Yo what's up man ..ahh!
I've noticed that ever since I started my series
"THESE KIDS MUST BE STOPPED"
These kids have been actually behaving
and I think they are actually stopping.
Like
It's crazy and..
and the streets have been so clean lately.
It's..it's amazing.
And although these kids behaving is a good thing,
it's also a bad thing
'cause I have no videos to, like, talk about
or critique.
But that's not gonna stop me.
I've been staying up every night, researching.
Try'na find the last remaining kids
that must be stopped, right?
But with that being said,
this might be my last video
from this series.
Back due to popular demand
You guys kept asking
"RiceGum, do a part 5,
These kids must be stopped #5"
Relax, alright. Relax.
I'll do a part 5,
when I do a part 5
but today, I'm doing a part 5.
Do you guys know how these things work?
Lets just jump right into it
Roll the clip.
(Oh, it's just me, myself and I.
Solo ride until I die)
('Cause I got me for life)
(Oh I don't need a hand to hold.
Even when the night is cold)
Even when the night is cold?
No shit, the night is cold.
You're literally wearing nothing, alright?
So not only, not only, is she not matching, right?
And she's, you know,
showing a lot of skin for her age.
She thought me, myself and I is three people.
*It's just me, myself and I*
She really thought me, myself and I is
three different people when, in reality, it's one person.
Me, myself and I, right?
And not to mention, whose toes are these?
Like...next video, man.
Where do I begin?
So first off, he tries to make a heart with his hand, right.
So this is how you do it.
And please don't screenshot that,
'cause you'll never catch me slipping.
But that's clearly a triangle, right?
And then he precedes to say
Let me buy you a drink, right?
Apparently hand soap or, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on
So apparently this guy thinks that this is a drink.
Whatever you do,
if this guy comes to the club and buys you a drink,
I think this shit is poisonous.
Do not drink it.
Whatever you do, do not
Do not drink it.
The lyrics said "you can me my it girl"
baby you a shit girl
And she's literally, actually,
taking a shit.
I don't know how I feel about this,
'cause, like, part of me is like damn she's really dedicated,
and, and she's taken this to another level.
But then again that's just nasty,
and she's, yeah, no, this must stop right now.
That's not okay, this is not okay!
I don't know who this guy thinks he is,
but this has to stop.
What was that, what was this thing?
And like, you guys know me, right?
I'm not, I'm not mean. I just speak the truth.
But he needs to change his haircut 'cause
I thought, I thought it was a lesbian.
Uhm, yeah i just wanted to call to report
this killer on the loose
i can´t really describe her , i mean it´s like a
You know who the donkey from shrek is?
basically it that, or like a potato
She is crazy, and uhm
someone needs to play an end to this
as soon as possible
You guys are still seven.
Well, by the looks of my imaginary watch, this is a pretty short video
so I might as well just tell you guys this story.
I can't believe you.
No, no, no. I was just checking my myspace.
I saw what you were doing.
Why would you do that?
You know I hate that shit.
I mean, dude, the app is pretty fun, I mean
I've already gotten two fans.
I don't even know who you are anymore.
Please tell me you'll never do that again.
I mean, I just wanna be like Jacob one day.
 
I didn't want to do this,
but you left me no choice.
 
RIP AFROGUM guys he was a really good friend
but anyways, if you guys did enjoy the video and wast a part 6
you know what to do, like the video, comment
i read every single comment and subscribe to the channel
check out my other stuff.
But yeah, no it is true though ever since i´ve made
this little series, these kids actually been stopping
and i haven´t been noticing to much of these "bad musiclys"
so, it´s a good thing
though you know i´m trying to help out humanity
but it does kind of suck because like this is like my most popular series
and i won´t have any more videos to like talk about
and you know critique and if these kids stop
so hopefully they don´t stop but i do want them to stop
I-I dont know it´s weird but anyways
more videos to come
have so much disktractios saved up
got skits, got videos just ready
I just need to manage my time better and just drop these as soon as possible
but thank you so much for all the support
like the video, subscribe
and i will see you guys, next time.
