these hoes be dick riding, think they gone come up cause they let you fuck
okay what this song has *cuts off*
good morning everyone ,
i know i have'nt posted in 4 days
you guys are mad at me.
but look guys
i am a human too, i just hit eight mil. you know i thought
i deserve a little break . and last night
We were celebrating sommers birthday, so there was really no room to make a video, but today. It's a different day and today
I'm back. It's a nice beautiful sunny day and I'm back to work today
We're actually getting a brand new roommate like I said we're here to help our new roommate move a know me and makes our really
Nice people we're not just about to be like yo move in you know we actually got our way and help them
It's official clout gang official and you're on the bigger and better things now. *Cough* *Cough* *Banks
Like ever old apartment you guys can see our house up here
You can see the cloud house from here, but I don't know where it is but somewhere
Yeah, we're currently in her old apartment now. She's moved into our house
So this is the last time we're gonna be your ever look at her wall though. This is actually pretty dope.
Do I need to do this just keep uploading content goes King? This is some motivational shit?
(Banks majestically riding his scooter)
You must be stopped man all this packing up and moving in is making me hungry
I don't know what Alissa's saying, Rices gay laugh is in the way.
I'm sweaty and sticky did your eyes alissa I need to ask you a question could we like borrow your car in late?
Can we borrow your car, I'm not that good of a driver we borrow your car leave the comments below grab is this?
OMG GONE SEXUAL
GONE ABUSIVE
GONE I want to kill myself
Gold alright guys suspense music real quick guys. I haven't drove it
I hardly ever drive. I just mover everywhere, but I don't know how my license on me
But all these responsibilities at my hands do trust me on the Asian, bro
Well your that's their own typical thing where they're like
Lol, ping pong bing bong
Welcome to the first installment of driving with rice well you're right or a light take left it no
Straight red shirt shirt shirt come on bro. Come on. What are you doing, but yellow watch with them?
You're going you just almost hit that guy I might have a hit these guys
Remember Banks, he's asian. He cannot see mudda asshol
Wtf dory up in this bit*h
I almost crashed it's ok. We got here time to get some food breakfast is the most appealing day
They say we should prank Alissa and say we crashed her car
That is I'll do it just for the gumballs very solid idea Wow look at this beautiful
Breakfast Bro eggs bacon bro can't go wrong, bro. I cook so when I parked it there
This is what I've worked the car there. Are you sure we parked here. Yes, so what are you saying?
Our car got towed the list is gonna kill me look. Dude. It's flashing red because we didn't pay who we just walked off
It's like flashing red. I don't know what to do right now besides laugh. Call the uber enough. Well. Alissa is gonna fucking kill you
Sorry about your car know what I need to blow up. I need the vlog not on the camera for sorry about your car
I'll see you back at the house. There's a pool party so bring your bathing suit
Just arrived back home and literally there's a party upstairs Sommer ray is throwing a party upstairs as poppin its loud
And you would think I would be upstairs hanging out with everyone, but no guys YouTube is life I miss you guys. I'm back
I'm dedicated again, but today. I wanted to get something off my chest
There's Drona and Daniela broccoli also known as cash me outside girl. She basically got a dr.
Phil from being mean to her mom and now she's someone has a career, and she's making music you just drop the song
Daniella bergdahl, I is but had but hey be
These heaux
Official music video I have this deed and you know my first hit single every night sis is on the Billboard Top 100
This was the first official song I've ever done anyways
I just feel like I have a really good grasp on music ain't oh good music for bad music basically
I know what the F**k going on anyways enough chitter chatting check. Let's jump into it
Okay, she just gets dropped off the new uber. That's just walking towards my direction
Hello can I help you I mean why do you keep staring at me? It's kind of awkward making Eye con- What do you want?!
Guys I don't even know how to pronounce this word, I don't even know what it means I'm gonna just go with it
Wait a minute is That a gun
Yo, who is this guy
Okay what the song hasn't even   started yet out confused some dude has a gun I'm scared
Knowing and this is like the hook of the song right this should be the catchiest part of the song the lyrics really isn't anything
Too crazy the flow the melodies is not too. Catchy, but look it's okay
The song just started you can redeem yourself in the verse. I think her verses about the start now. Let's see if it's fire
Okay, okay, this girl has 13. She's over here cursing up a storm staying all these bad words
I don't like you, but I would not break down her verse a little bit
So she said these hoes be fake flossing fake jewlery
we got her neck rash these hoes be fake ball and tax money that shit won't last these hoes be dick right in and they
Say like these hoes be full of drug basically
She's talking about these hoes
And how they're all wack if she's better basically essentially what I'm trying to say is this is could be a song whatever you know
its her hit single or whatever, but this is a diss track. She's talking about these hoes
This is a diss and we all know who made the diss track trend that thing you know this guy right here because I got
A bag on a grand, maybe six legs these are they wake up they broke. They mattresses be on the floor
Okay, I don't know who she's talking about he's talking about these hoes
It's very vague, and I'm listening to the song and this could be talking about me for all I know
I don't know. She's calling me, broke. She said my mattress is on the ground
I'm obviously not broke my matress
is not on the ground
But I do remember when I was broke and when my mattress was on the ground. It wasn't too long ago
You guys know one of my old videos
You know I was reacting to whatever and my mattress was literally on their ground
I got closets it might have been like you know sometimes. You know in life
There's other important things to buy than a bed frame. I mean I don't know
I really don't like how she's come at us and and
Kind of roasting us for being broke ever you get roast us for really anything
But you know money sometimes people can't control whatever. Let's keep it going
*tf is this bish saying?*
uh , you huys must subscribe to noonpick !
*is confusion* search on youtube!
Is that tanna  Mongoose, maybe she's doing lip injections by injection she doesn't have real life. That's a pretty good representation
I'm pretty sure that that's her x2
Who is this guy who is this guy I saw at the start of the video he was holding the gun
I was confused by a landslide now. I see linkit he's pulled out of the window
I won't get it what why was he representated into the video. He has to you know me and suddenly
I don't get it, and I'm confused I really
guys what is that noise guys?
How can I be the biggest YouTube in the world and and work towards my dream and one day have a fanbase?
If I can't even make videos in peace my house is so loud. I can't even work in peace
So that sommer rays birthday partie you had like four parties already, so there's a cake
Right there bro like I'll get them to be so mad
Oh
I'm chill upstairs look who I ran into
He ain't never get a nicer house to meet I was like I got to start hanging out this
Long does it take for food to travel down your neck
It's all good in the hood
This guy's seven five
Alright guys, I'm back. It's pretty popped upstairs, but this is
What is she say and I understand a word she's saying she's mumbling there's autotune
She's just she's really not that good at music
She'd really stop doing music and just stick to what she's good at She should just stick to
Wait, what is she even good at what is she even famous for?
Hold on she just said red cup no, it ain't cool aid
what's in the red cup is it orange juice is it water like you can't just say that and
Then not tell us what it is like instead of saying kool-aid
You should have just told us when it was what's in your cup you're only 14
I really hope you're not implying that you're drinking off something illegal
All right
wow
That was not appealing to the ears at all the lyrics werent the best
The video was all right though the video was dumped. It was shot in one shine looks smooth
That was sick, but I mean I had nothing to do with her. I'm actually really disappointed that dr.
Phil didn't have a verse on this side, and I feel like he's responsible for her career
He should have had a feature maybe  a few bars in there,i don't know net but overall I would never listen to this song again
She is 14 though right so that's really young and she could easily get better over time
So I want to see where this takes her
But I mean she should stick to what she's being good at and
I don't I don't even know but before you guys take off the video
I haven't posted them in five days and last time we talked in that span of time
I literally hit so many achievements. I had eight mil on YouTube. Thank you. I hit 1 billion total views on YouTube. Thank you
I hit four mil on Instagram. Thank you. I had two mil on Twitter
They give it up on the Billboard Top 100. So thank you for all that guys oh my god
You guys are the best. I am literally living a dream right now
Literally a fantasy life my mattress isnt even on the ground anymore, and I just I can't thank you guys enough. I know I've been inactive
I'm sorry. I'm back im posting every single day. Thank you for me
It's the end drop a like comment below subscribe if you're new and I will see you guys tomorrow
