Ohhhhhh!
Good! Good!
These are my favourite chocolate sweet ever.
For those of you in the world who don't have
the blessing of having Cadbury's chocolate
in your local supermarket, this is a Cadbury's
Creme Egg and they come out once a year and
that's probably the reason that I like them.
They come out for one season and that is the
period up to Easter.
And it's like this normal chocolate but this,
just, sugary inside that's just an amazing combo.
And I still love Mars bars but Cadbury's Creme
Eggs - wooh!
They're something else!
Right, OK guys.
9 AM in the office this morning, right.
I've got loads of work to do this morning
so I'm going to have to catch up with you
guys later.
I've got some, err, some wireless stuff to
be doing, some internet wireless stuff, and
I find it really fun and really, really entertaining
and just...
Well, this morning, I'm linking a house to
my house that is about 1.2 miles away, giving
them internet from my house.
Do you not think that that's slightly mental?
I just love it.
I love it.
Need to get on with work.
You see all of this stuff in, in the car?
Err, I've been doing wireless work all morning
and, err, I'm absolutely knackered.
I need to get all of this stuff in to 
the garage.
OK, I've, I've booked a hair-cut, OK.
I know it's getting mental - I'm having to
use hairspray to keep it up but, anyway guys,
good morning guys, how are we all doing?
My name is Alex and it's not even morning,
it's afternoon.
I've been working all morning, guys.
I have been on roofs, I've been doing things,
I've got radios in the garage - loads of them
- I'm on a massive train at the moment trying
to overhaul my whole wireless network, upgrading
all of my radios and I've got the people coming
around to my house tomorrow to survey the
whole house so that we can get the lease line
installed.
And just to give you guys a frame of reference,
this is how much data, right now, is currently
being consumed on my whole wireless internet.
All of my clients put together, right now
- about 20 meg.
Hey bro. MAN: Hey mate, you alright? ALEX: Yes, are you?
MAN: Yes, thanks. ALEX: Good.
So, Elliott said to me earlier: Alex, are
you..?
Oh, goodness.
Elliott asked me earlier, he said: Alex, are
you going to your office at any point today
and I replied with: Probably not because I've
spent the whole day working this morning and
I'm kind of knackered and I just want to stay
at home.
So, instead, Elliott's come to my house because
he wants to film something for, well, something
about uni. and he wants to get my opinion
on university for a video.
Right then, El, you got what you needed?
ELLIOTT: Absolutely, thank you very much.
ALEX: Did I do a good job?
ELLIOTT: You did a great job.
ALEX: Alright then, bro, see in you in a bit.
ELLIOTT: Bye.
See you later.
ALEX: Right then guys, we haven't talked about
this in quite some time and I think it's time
for a little bit of a, err, well, reminiscent
flashback to what I used to and, well, still
absolutely love but don't talk about anywhere
near as much as I used to and that was kind
of, well, my love for gaming.
But then, noticing, that, with gaming, you
have a gaming set up and then the actual plethora
of people around the words "gaming set up"
and how vast that was.
I think what I'm trying to say guys is that
this, this is where I started and I got set
up in here and I got it as I wanted it and
then I couldn't really improve it anymore
because this set up is now as I want it and
now I really have nothing more to vlog about
on this gaming set up stuff because, well,
my office is done and this is done and the
live streaming room, that's, well, I'm still
doing videos on that.
Hence why, guys, I've bought this new house
and it's literally right around the corner
now and I want to have a discussion about
how you think I should have the set up in
the new house.
Because I've done a triple monitor set up
now for the past three years and it's been,
well, it's been good - it's been cool.
But is this needed?
Or should we have more monitors?
Maybe three monitors down there and then three
up there or a big screen up there or...
Because guys, I know this is gorgeous man,
like, look at this...
Because guys, I think the problem is that,
back in the day guys, when I made this set
up, bigger and more was better.
Now, obviously I've told you guys that we're
going to be doing numerous different set ups
in the house - we're going to be having an
editing suite, we're going to have a whole
LAN room to do LAN gaming with you guys preferably
but I'm talking about my set up.
I want to hear from you guys in the comments
about what we should do and some of the ideas
that I pick, I'm going to personally invite
you round to the new house when it's finished.
I just really don't want to make a mistake
with it - I just want it to be absolutely
incredible - insane.
Right, I've got a meal date with assistant.
OK, arrived at the office, guys.
That there says "Work Hard Anywhere."
OK, I'm kind of buzzing a little bit.
I kind of really want to see what the hell
Work Hard Anywhere have sent me.
It literally says it right there.
Work Hard Anywhere and it's got my logo on
it.
This is sick.
This is sick.
Check out how professional this is!
It's got my logo, Work Hard Anywhere.
Hey Alex, happy 2018 mate.
In this package you will find our new location
series T-shirt - a UK version in dark heather
just for you.
Also, you will find a working/not working
wristband.
It serves two purposes - listen to this.
When it's flipped to the working side it serves
as a reminder to focus on the tasks in hand
- it's work time.
It also prevents you from being disrupted.
The red band side notifies others that you're
in the zone and you do not want to be disturbed.
Sick!
That's sick!
You see this?
Look at this - that says: The joy is in creating.
And that T-shirt is sick.
Wicked!
Right, so guys, all of you need to hold me
to this, right now, because, I'm going to
introduce you guys to the two plans that I
have right here and we have discussed these
before on, on the vlogs.
So, as you can see, this is the second floor
of the house, right.
And in this one, there's a wall here and not
a wall there and in this one, there's a wall
there and not a wall here.
So, the house actually comes with four bedrooms.
One, two, three and then another one, right.
I want to make it a two bedroom house and
merge two of the rooms in to one nice, big office.
I said to you guys that this one, a long one
down here, or this one, and the majority of
people said this one.
But I am still undecided as of yet.
But let's just plan this one because this
is what you guys wanted.
So guys, what I'm actually thinking here is
having my set up, my actual set up, my set
up, right about here.
So, this will be my set up on this wall between
these two windows.
And then what I was going to think of doing
is having an editing station over here with
a little bit of a cool set in this corner.
So, "E" for editing station, "S" for set,
"S" for set up and then over here, I wanted
a table which had two screens on it back to
back for a little bit of a LAN - a local area
network - so that when I have friends over,
we can come up here, we'll have, like, some
computers built, we can install Steam on them
and we can play PubG or anything we want.
Now, obviously, this is just the upstairs
of the house.
The downstairs of the house, which, unfortunately,
I don't have a plan for - the downstairs,
guys, of the house is going to hold the cinema
room and the live-eat area which is going
to have a nice, big, awesome thing with a
cool rug on it, loads of sofas, a nice, curved,
big screen and some nice speakers for listening
to music and watching things.
So, downstairs - cinema room and also the
relaxing area with a huge, normal TV, like,
65 inch curved or something.
Mental.
So, as usual, I need you guys's help, with
everything in my life - I always sort of need
help with everything I do.
Watch this - wait a minute.
Oooooh...
Yo guys, that's where I'm going to end today's
video, right here.
I do hope you enjoyed it.
I put this jumper on - perhaps you're thinking:
Alex, why have you got that jumper on for?
It's because I didn't want to wear my big
coat in the house but it's, it's kind of cold
in here because the heating's just turned
off because now it's kind of late and, err,
you're probably thinking: Alex, why are you
shouting?
Are you not waking everybody up?
Well, no, nobody's living here at the moment.
It's just kind of me, so, err...
Oh, and Burt - how are you doing bro?
Guys, if you enjoyed today's daily vlog - I
sure as hell did enjoy putting it together
- a like rating guys would be wicked but for
now my name's been Alex, you guys have been
awesome - guys stay awesome and keep smiling
and I'll see you in tomorrow's daily vlog.
Adios.
