Hi, everyone! Happy Sunday. Today, I
am filming a What Would Jenn Wear.
Earlier this week, I asked you guys on Twitter what
kind of video you guys wanted to see today,
and What Would Jenn Wear won by a landslide, so here it is.
For those who are just tuning in, this is a segment
where you tweet me your fashion
dilemmas, and I answer them.
And since it is officially winter time,
I thought that I would specifically choose like
winter-related questions, so let's get started.
The first tweet comes from Hannah, and she asks, "What
outfit can you wear to stand out during the holiday party?"
This question is perfect because New
Year's Eve is right around the corner
and everyone is going to be dressing to the nines,
and this would be a great opportunity for
you to get gussied up to. This is what I'd
rock if I wanted to turn some heads.
One quick and easy way to stand out
is to have a faux fur moment.
Something about this fun texture just
screams glamour and luxury.
This one is from Storets and I absolutely love
the pleather lapels on the coat.
Underneath, I'm wearing a fitted stripe turtleneck top,
and then I tuck that into this
black leather skirt with ruffles.
For shoes, I'm wearing these sexy thigh-high soft
boots that are perfectly fitted,
and there you have it. A fun, flirty look for the season.
So, let's move on to the second
dilemma. This one says,
"How to look cute for a date while trying to layer up
for the cold at the same time?
"I just started dating this guy, but it's winter in Chicago,
so I feel like I can never dress up."
It appears we have a little visitor.
Are you gonna stay here?
By now, I know Chicago is absolutely freezing, and I
know when temperatures are that brutal
it's hard to feel cute, but I feel like it is still possible.
This is my cute winter date outfit for you.
I think the color blush is very flattering on any complexion,
so I'm rocking this really fun, dusty blush jacket
in this thick shearling material.
I think it really complements my sweater
underneath. This one is a salmon shade
and it's got these fun stripes all around it.
Also, if you want to stay warm,
wear a thermal underneath.
For my bottoms, I'm rocking these light colored denim
in this kind of like, badger silhouette, so you can
wear some tights underneath to keep warm.
For shoes, I'm wearing these white heels
from Aldo to streamline my legs,
and lastly, I threw on some blush earmuffs because
honestly, my ears get super cold,
and I feel like having this protection 
would really keep you warm.
Regardless of what you're wearing,
if the guy's diggin' you,
he's not gonna care what you're wearing
on the outside; it's about your character.
Good luck with your day and I hope
you guys have a great time!
The third tweet comes from Reese.
"What would Jenn wear for a casual Christmas look?"
By the time you're watching this,
Christmas will be tomorrow,
and chances are I'm definitely gonna keep it casual.
So, this is one of my options that I might wear. Starting
from the top, I'm wearing this polo from Guess.
There's green and red in it, so I feel
like it kind of gives off Christmas vibe
but in a very subtle way. I tucked the top into
these black trousers from Eggie.
I took off the chain in the pants just to make them look
less street style and more like a lounge pant.
And for shoes, I'm wearing these cute lace-up boots
from Vagabond, and yeah, I called it a day.
I think this is a really cool effortless outfit that
anyone can rock on a Christmas Day.
Moving on to dilemma four,
"What would you wear with an
oversized fur teddy coat?
I picked this question up because I
have so many fur teddy coats,
and it was really hard to narrow down my favorite one,
but this is the one I chose to showcase. This is
my tan teddy coat from Storets.
This one is pretty oversized and I love it
because I can layer anything with it,
and it keeps me super warm. Since I live in LA, I
rocked it with a thin, white long sleeve
But if you live somewhere colder, a white or beige
knit turtleneck would look amazing.
I love the way brown and white looks and it's just a foolproof color combo.
For my jeans, I'm wearing some
high-waisted black skinnies
just because I needed something fitted to
offset the bulkiness of the coat.
I'm wearing my chunky black
platforms to add some height,
and lastly, accessorize with a pair
of asymmetrical earrings.
I think this is a really effortless outfit. You can wear for
grabbing coffee with a friend or just having lunch.
So the last question comes from Feiby.
"How would you style crushed velvet jogger-style pants
so it looks fashionable and less like loungewear?"
Jogger pants can be a little tricky because
they are a type of loungewear
and honestly there's nothing
wrong with looking comfortable,
but there are slight modifications you can do with your
outfit to make it look more elevated.
So this is how I styled my crushed velvet joggers.
These are in a festive red color, and I love that they have
black stripes running down both the sides.
I wore them with a black bodysuit from Are You Am I,
but I think any black top would look
killer with a pair of joggers like these.
For outerwear, I wore a long black tuxedo blazer to
elongate and to give the outfit more structure.
I really loved how flowy the fabric is and I think
it adds a fashion-forward element to the look.
For shoes, I'm wearing some pointed black boots,
and I feel like these finish off the outfit nicely.
All right guys, that is a wrap on this
episode of What Would Jenn Wear.
If you guys would like to be
featured in the next episode,
feel free to write your fashion
dilemma down in the comments,
or you can tweet me @imjennim and just send
me your fashion dilemma there.
I would love to know how you guys
are celebrating this holiday season.
Tomorrow, by the time I'm watching
this, tomorrow will be Christmas
and so, Ben and I are having my family over.
Ben is gonna be cooking a delicious Christmas roast,
and so I'm super excited to be hosting my family.
Normally, we always have it at my parents' house,
but this year, we thought we'd switch
it up and we thought we would host it.
So yeah, I would love to know how you guys are celebrating
Thank you guys so much for the support and the
love, and I'll see you guys in the next one.
Byeee!
Mwah.
